1. A
2. B
3. B
4. A
5. A
6. D
7. B
8. A
9. A,D
10. A,B,C
11. CNN architecture is inspired by the organization and functionality of the visual cortex and designed to mimic the connectivity pattern of neurons within the human brain. 
    The neurons within a CNN are split into a three-dimensional structure, with each set of neurons analyzing a small region or feature of the image. he traditional CNN structure     is mainly composed of convolution layers, pooling layers, fully connected layers, and some activation functions. Each convolution kernel is connected to the part of feature       maps. The input is connected to all of the output elements in the fully connected layer.
12. In deep learning, a convolutional neural network is a class of deep neural networks, most commonly applied to analyzing visual imagery. They are also known as shift invariant
    or space invariant artificial neural networks, based on their shared-weights architecture and translation invariance characteristics.
    Convolution is a simple mathematical operation which is fundamental to many common image processing operators. Convolution provides a way of `multiplying together' two arrays     of numbers, generally of different sizes, but of the same dimensionality, to produce a third array of numbers of the same dimensionality.
13. Average pooling method smooths out the image and hence the sharp features may not be identified when this pooling method is used. 
    Max pooling selects the brighter pixels from the image. It is useful when the background of the image is dark and we are interested in only the lighter pixels of the image.
14. Padding is the space that's inside the element between the element and the border. It goes around all four sides of the content and you can target and change the padding
    for each side.
    The padding properties are used to generate space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.
15. There are three types of layers in a convolutional neural network: convolutional layer, pooling layer, and fully connected layer. ... Fully connected layers are placed before
    the classification output of a CNN and are used to flatten the results before classification. This is similar to the output layer of an MLP.
